Mention bots and operations requested by bots (#1386)
dfinity/dre: docs/be-dr-dre.md

    - Evaluate the alert based on its severity and the affected cluster to determine if further action is required.
    - Escalate or address issues as needed to ensure operations continue smoothly.

### 3. **Handle all notifications and answer all questions asked in the team's slack channels**
    
* [`#eng-dre`](https://dfinity.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05LD0CEAHY): General channel for activities
* [`#eng-release`](https://dfinity.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C01DB8MQ5M1): Questions related to release process

> * [`#eng-release-bots`](https://dfinity.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02NQC42C2F): Automations send important notifications you must handle there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`#eng-release-bots`](https://dfinity.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02NQC42C2F): Automations send important notifications to this channel, which you must handle
```
